Command line analysis enhancement (#38325)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_19_15.md

#### Scripts

##### CommandLineAnalysis

> - Fix a bug in isBase64 function
> - Changed the output format of the extracted indicators
> - Added patterns to detect macOS Applescript suspicious command lines

Reviewer: Should be:
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **CommandLineAnalysis** where <unexpected behaviour>.
- Updated the output format of the extracted indicators.
- Added the patterns to detect macOS Applescript suspicious command lines.
```
See https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/documentation/release-notes#format for more info.
